-Take a peek outside.
-Huh?
[gasps]
[uplifting music soaring]
[Rebecca]
You are looking at the Sakura Cosmos.
This ship can fly through the universe!
Planet?
Wait, are we in space right now?!
Awesome!
[Rebecca] So yeah,
there's lots of different universes!
This one is called the Sakura Cosmos.
-Rebecca.
-Huh?
[giggles]
[crying]
[voice breaks] Even now, after all that…
[Shiki] I forgive them.
They just weren't themselves.
I'll never forget
the friendships we all shared.
[sniffling] You know what?
That's it! I'm gonna go out there
and make a hundred friends!
["Eden Through the Rough"
by Takanori Nishikawa playing]
A GIRL AND HER BLUE CAT
[clicking]
Whoa!
That big square
exploded into little squares.
[gasps]
You're watching Rebecca and Happy's…
[both] Aoneko Channel!
Meow-wow!
Huh?
Huh?!
"Meow-wow."
Don't mock us!
Oh. Was he imitating us?
Happy, do you like spicy food?
Yeah, I love spicy food.
This is a video site called B-Cube.
And this cube I'm holding,
allows me to take, host,
or even watch a lot of videos.
…spicy foods from all around the universe!
[Happy] Does that mean
we're gonna eat them all?
We're not the only ones
who do these videos.
There's lots of B-Cubers, just like us.
And the more people who watch our videos,
the more we get paid!
No way, that's so awesome!
[Rebecca] Be sure to like,
comment and subscribe!
[grunts]
[Rebecca] Nice try, but B-Cube has
anti-pervert firewalls for guys like you.
[Shiki] So you guys just make videos?
It's even more than that.
We get to explore all sorts of planets
we normally never get to see.
-[surprised gasp]
-[gasps] Sorry.
[Michael] Humans are the enemy.
No, that's not true at all!
We are machines and you are not.
We cannot be friends with you.
[Happy] Aw.
-[Rebecca] Shiki.
-[taps on window]
[Shiki] I'm going to make a hundred
new friends in the universe.
No. Even more than a hundred.
I'll do whatever it takes.
I'll search every planet out there!
[determined grunt]
All right, if you're
really serious about all of this,
the next step is to register you
as an Adventurer on Blue Garden.
[gasps] An Adventurer?!
That's right.
Once you're registered, you'll be able
to travel to all sorts of planets.
And Blue Garden has people from all over,
so it shouldn't be hard to register.
Even I can?
I can't believe it,
I'm gonna be an Adventurer!
Meow-wow!
Would you cut that out?
So, what do I do until I get registered?
Let's see here.
What do you think about being
our personal bodyguard for a while?
Why do you need that?
Well, sometimes when we're out
shooting a new video,
things can get pretty dangerous for us.
A strong guy like you
would be great at it.
And you can use that awesome
anti-gravity Ether Gear!
-[blast]
-[explosions]
-[rapid gunfire]
-[thud]
Honestly, I'd feel a lot more safe
if you were there.
-I'm in!
-It's settled, then.
-[clap echoes]
-Let's do this!
-We're here!
-Hmm?
[Happy] There it is! Blue Garden!
The planet of Adventurers!
[heroic music playing]
Whoa! This place is huge!
THE PLANET BLUE GARDEN
-[Shiki] Big buildings everywhere!
-[Rebecca] Your voice is the biggest here.
[heroic music continues]
[Rebecca] Here we are.
This is the Adventurer guild,
Shooting Starlight.
[Happy] This is where you can register
to be an Adventurer!
Wow!
Your journey starts here.
It's exciting, isn't it?
My adventure begins!
[indistinct chattering]
No way! [laughs]
[Shiki] There's humans over there!
And there!
I can't believe it. There's so many!
-Are you surprised?
-I gotta go touch them!
No, you don't.
[Rebecca] It's probably best
if you don't do that again.
Wait, why are you wearing glasses?
Oh, you know, since I'm a famous B-Cuber,
all my fans would notice me.
Last time I checked,
our video had 10 views.
Aw.
But look at all these people out here!
Do you think they'd all be my friend?
Sure, but not everyone
is a good friend to have.
Some people are friendly,
but some can be jerks.
Most of the time, people aren't interested
in making friends with a stranger.
[Shiki] Will you be my friend?
-[Rebecca gasps]
-You're a guy like me!
Your jawline is even sharper.
-Oh no!
-Great…
-Be my friend, be my friend!
-Ugh…
-Knock it off!
-Can't breathe…
[grunts]
You can't just go around
asking everyone to be your friend!
[Happy] Sorry, but I don't think anyone's
gonna be friends with you if you do that.
Huh.
Huh?
What's that?
Mm?
[ethereal music playing]
[gasping]
That's Mother!
Mother?!
[Demon King Ziggy] And somewhere
in the universe is the one
known as Mother.
[young Shiki] Who is she?
[Demon King] A being
who can make any wish come true.
No way! That's really her?!
Uh, what's wrong?
[panting]
Mother, please make my wish come true!
All I want is to have
as many friends as I can!
And also…
[inaudible]
…could you help me be friends again
with Michael and the others?
-[Happy] Hmm.
-Shiki.
[voice breaks] I miss them!
I'm begging you, please!
What's wrong with that guy?
Oh, he must have hit
his head or something.
-[crying]
-Shiki.
That's not the real Mother up there.
-It's just a hologram.
-Huh?
[Rebecca] The real Mother isn't here
and she's so much bigger than that.
[hopeful music playing]
[Rebecca] But she is out there,
somewhere in the universe.
And I've heard she's bigger
than some planets!
Nobody can figure out why she exists.
She's a mysterious life form to us.
It's said that a lone Adventurer
discovered her a long time ago.
She was just outside of the Sakura Cosmos.
-We don't know much else about her.
-[sighs]
[Rebecca] As time went on,
the Adventurers started to worship her
as the goddess of the universe,
who can make your wishes come true
if you find her.
Now they use this hologram
to decorate the guild.
[Shiki] I wish I could meet her.
Wait a sec.
Now that I'm looking at her,
she looks really familiar.
Like I've seen her before.
[both] Huh?
[all laughing]
[man 1] Did you guys hear that?
A guy here says he's met Mother.
-Huh?
-[man 2] What a hero!
[man 3] Did you say Mother?
Are you sure you don't mean your Mom?
[all laughing]
[man 1] Lots of guys always come in here
boasting about how they've seen Mother!
They all turned out to be lying!
Sorry, kid, but Mother's
outside the Sakura Cosmos.
And nobody has any idea
of where she is now!
That's why a kid like you
can never meet her, it's impossible!
-[loud thud]
-[Shiki] Hey, listen up!
I don't think you guys know
who you're messing with!
[growling]
[crowd murmuring]
[silence]
Anyways, do you think you guys
maybe want to be my friends?
-Huh?
-He can't be serious right now!
[all laughing]
Did he just ask us to be his friend?
Want some friends?
Why don't you ask your Mommy?
-[breathing shakily]
-[crowd laughing]
-Come on.
-That hurts.
[Shiki] Hey, what are you doing?
Let go of me!
[crowd continues laughing]
[Rebecca] What do you mean
you've met Mother before?
You told me you spent your entire life
in Granbell surrounded by robots.
Look, I don't really get it myself either.
It's just a gut feeling I had.
Why were all those guys
laughing at me earlier?
Wait, do you think
they still want to be my friend?
I don't think so.
Why not?!
You shouldn't rush to make friends.
I told you, right?
Not everyone is a good friend to have.
You gotta be careful.
Right, Happy?
Yeah!
[both gasp]
Heh.
[explosion]
Rebecca!
[coughing] Happy!
-No way! I cannot believe my luck.
-[Happy crying]
A cat from Exceed. It's mine now.
Help me! Let me out!
-Later, suckers!
-[Happy] Rebecca!
[Rebecca] Happy…
[grunts]
That guy's trying to steal Happy!
[growling]
Give him back!
[engine revving]
-Woo-hoo!
-Rebecca!
Give Happy back!
[Rebecca, remembering] Give Happy back!
[gasping]
[crying]
Hey, kitty.
-Are you lost?
-[young Happy moans]
-Are you hungry?
-Mm-hmm.
[stomach grumbles]
-Are you all alone here?
-I am.
I am too. Maybe you can be my friend.
[energy crackling]
Get back here, thief!
[grunting]
[crowd mumbles]
[intense music playing]
-[grunting]
-Huh? What the hell is up with this guy?
Give Happy back now!
Damn it.
[intense music continues]
You're not getting away!
[grunts]
-A man!
-Whoa!
-A woman!
-[yelps]
This one's different than Rebecca.
-A man! This one looks like a grandpa.
-[gasps]
That guy's skinny and that girl is huge!
-Man!
-Huh?
-Woman!
-Heh.
-I have no idea!
-Eh?
[Shiki] There's all sorts of people here.
But I know one thing for sure.
Some people are friendly,
but some can be jerks.
-[moaning]
-If you stole Happy…
-[groaning]
-…then you're one of the jerks!
Whoa!
Magimech Attack!
Gravity Center!
MAGIMECH ATTACK
GRAVITY CENTER
[groaning]
[loud thud]
[grunts]
He fell out of the sky!
[gunshot]
If you know what's good for ya,
get out of here!
Happy, are you okay?
Yeah, I'm okay…
Happy, huh?
That is one weird name for a cat.
It's not a weird name!
It's perfect 'cause Rebecca gave it to me!
[Rebecca panting]
Happy…
Oh yeah, what's your name?
I don't have one.
Well then, how about I give you one now?
When you said that you'd be my friend,
it made me all warm and happy inside.
So I'm gonna give you the name Happy.
I love it!
[grunts]
It's over.
There's nowhere left to run.
[thug boss] Well, well, well.
What do we have here?
Bro!
[Shiki] Is that a human?
If it's a guy then he's huge.
Check this out!
It's a cat from the planet Exceed!
Yeah, you guys actually brought back
something decent! Nipapapapapa!
[Rebecca panting]
Give back my friend!
-[panting]
-Rebecca!
You caught up with us!
Wow! Hey, good-looking!
Where have you been all my life?
This one's a real hottie!
Hey, why does she look so familiar?
Hold up! A-ha!
She's a B-Cuber.
Yeah, the one who goes
"bing-bing" all the time.
Oh yeah, "bing-bing!"
It's "Meow-wow", you jerk!
[underling] Cats from the planet Exceed
go for lots of money.
What's a brat like you doing with one?
-Happy's not just some cat!
-She's right, he's our friend!
This little brat's got some attitude.
You gettin' mad?
If you think about
hurting Happy for a second,
I will never forgive you!
[both laughing]
[laughter continues]
[gentle music playing]
Hey, Happy, when I met you,
why were you all alone?
When I was little,
someone decided they didn't want me.
What about you, Rebecca?
They didn't want me either.
-Oh.
-Don't worry.
I don't feel lonely at all anymore
because now I have a friend.
Right!
[young Rebecca]
Let's stay together forever.
[Happy] Yeah, that way
we'll never be lonely again.
-Shiki.
-I've got this.
[propulsive music playing]
[crackling]
[grunts]
What's going on?
How he's sliding like that?!
He's headed straight towards us!
[grunts]
Hmm!
[all screaming]
-[grunting]
-This is bad!
He's using a weird power!
It's Ether Gear by the look of it.
Oh, come on! That's something
straight out of the Dark Ages!
What do we do?
We blast him!
If I can wipe someone who uses that,
I'll be famous!
Watch out! He's got a gun!
Nipapapapapapapapapapapa!
-This guy's a loose cannon!
-No kidding.
Take it easy, bro! You're gonna hit us.
Are you sure
your brother's alright upstairs?
[grunts]
-[yelps]
-[glass shattering]
[gasps] Happy!
Rebecca!
-[gentle music playing]
-[siren blaring]
-[man 1] What the hell happened?
-[man 2] A driver crashed in the building.
[man 1] Hey! Are you okay?
-[grunts]
-[man 2] She looks alright.
-[crying]
-[man 1] That poor cat that was with her.
[young Rebecca sobbing]
[crying] Happy.
[sobbing] Happy, get up!
We have to get you to a doctor!
We're gonna be together forever, right?
Please, get up! [sobbing]
Happy!
Stop. That cat's dirty.
Easy, show some compassion, will ya?
[sobbing] He's not dirty.
He's my friend. He's my best friend!
[crying]
This is unfair!
Help me, God, don't take him away from me!
I'm begging you! [sobbing]
[thud]
You're safe with me.
I got you.
Rebecca.
Nipapapapapapapapapapapapa!
This bastard.
Right, let's do this!
[exciting music playing]
Huh?!
[screaming]
Happy!
Nipapapapapapapapapapapapa!
Thanks, Happy.
I'm gonna make them pay
for kidnapping you.
Don't let him get away!
[groans]
-Take this!
-[rapid gunfire]
[groaning]
Hey, watch it!
Crazy little brat!
-[grunts]
-[rapid gunfire]
[groaning]
-[yelling]
-[rapid gunfire]
[all groaning]
Those were all perfect headshots!
Nipapa!
It doesn't matter
when you've got firepower like this!
Show me what you've got, kid!
Nipapapapapapapapapapapapa!
[heavy breathing]
-[rapid gunfire]
-[blast]
They're flying?!
Nipapapapapapapa!
[Rebecca] Shiki!
You should have a clear shot now!
[grunts excitedly]
Nipapapapapapapapapapapapa!
[Rebecca] Your Gatling gun is pretty fast.
-But my Happy blaster is even faster!
-[groaning]
You're finished!
[groaning]
[all screaming]
[grunts]
[thud]
Ni…
-Pa… [groans]
-Bro!
[gunshot]
[groans]
[cocks gun]
Don't worry, these are Ether bullets.
They're not gonna kill you,
but I can't promise they won't sting!
[Shiki] Now that I think about it,
you probably don't need a bodyguard.
[distant chattering]
Happy, are you really a machine?
-Yeah!
-That's awesome!
You look way more alive
than the bots at Granbell!
There's lots
of other machines just like me.
[Happy] That guy's an android too!
No way! So he's not a human?!
Happy was in an accident a long time ago.
Yup. That's why my whole body
is a machine now.
But it doesn't change who you are inside.
-Right!
[poignant music playing]
[Happy] My body…
I can't feel any part of my body.
I'm scared.
[sobbing]
[Happy] Rebecca…
[Rebecca] Happy!
-[cries]
-Aren't you afraid of how I look?
[Rebecca] Of course not!
[crying] No matter what,
you'll always be you!
But what if I'm stuck
looking like a robot forever?
I don't care what your body looks like!
It doesn't change who you are!
[Rebecca] We're friends!
When you're friends with someone,
it doesn't matter
if they're human or a machine!
[both laughing]
[chuckles]
Don't smile like that.
You're freaking me out.
Creepy!
That hurt more than it probably should've.
[Rebecca] Come on, let's go.
We've still got to get you registered.
We can't be getting distracted anymore.
[Happy] Yeah, Shiki.
[Shiki] Oh, so it's my fault?!
[subordinate] Princess! Princess!
[Elsie]
Yell that loudly again and I'll kill you.
Uh… I'm sorry to bother you,
but this is an emergency!
The Demon King's child, uh,
or maybe it's actually his grandchild,
he managed to leave Granbell!
[Elsie] Are you sure?
Positive. Someone said
they saw him over on Blue Garden.
[intense music playing]
[Elsie chuckles evilly]
Then the time has come.
[loud clang]
We're heading to Blue Garden.
ARMORED SPACE PIRATE
ELSIE CRIMSON
["VLOG"
by CHiCO with HoneyWorks playing]
ADVENTURERS